fix(css-basics): remove font task in social card (#168)
neuefische/web-exercises: sessions/css-basics/social-card/README.md

- [ ] Link to the [`css/styles.css`](./css/styles.css) style sheet in the head of the [`index.html`](./index.html) file.
- [ ] Style all elements on the page to recreate these social card styles.
- [ ] Use class selectors to target the correct elements.

> ## Notes
> 
> - Due to legal issues when using Google Fonts, please don't worry about the font right now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Notes

- Don't worry about matching the font. If you really want to use a web font, please refer to the handout.
```
